Alright, folks, all I wanted to do here was say what I said earlier, but it looks like things have since gone off the rails. I'm going to ask that this discussion ends because it's clearly making people really uncomfortable. It can be revisited at a meeting, with a coach.
Perhaps it is up to a mentor to decide on this then, if the effectiveness of the meeting is dependent on their having a different stance than was represented in previous meetings.
that will make it more effective
because multiple mentors, coaches and students will be involved
What is the deliverable? We have had the same conversations before.
We discuss the process and if we will use the essay like David said  
That is my question. What is the agenda and how will it be more effective than the last meetings? Without that answer we should not have a meeting.
It hasn't worked the past 3 times why would it work this time?
Meetings are proven to be more effective if they have time limits and set agendas. If we get a set agenda, perhaps we could have a meeting that is longer than 15 minutes, but still not the whole time.
the meeting that is
we need to do it at the beginning so we can run longer if needed
Like 15 minutes
How long does individual shop certs take again?
As far as discussion, I don't know that we have time between shop certs and design team work. I imagine we could save some time at the end again, but we would need a specific agenda
Noice
Yeah lol, following those points I posted and pinned <@U1F408NA0> 
so write the essay if you’re interested and then we’ll discuss tuesday night whether we’re going to use them
Is it safe to assume the prompt is "why do you want to be design lead"
sounds fair
Maybe we should do the essays if we reach the conclusion that we need a design lead asap so we would go with the old process, and save time by already having the essays already done
Regardless of if we have a meeting or not we still will need those essays
yes but it can’t be due tuesday if we’re talking about it on tuesday
Over the weekend
People still need to remember to write their essays for the design lead
But yeah I agree with <@U27TQ5U7K>
let’s try to do some self healing and maybe reach out to others
<@U2A68KU8K> So far, what my lil subteam has done is a lot of practice for the real build season. I don't see how arguing for 2 weeks is practicing for build season.
let’s sleep this weekend
let’s just turn off slack notifications until tuesday
exactly. so let’s stop tonight.
The point is to practice the process
The point isn't to finish
I just opened my phone and it’s already ruined my night
You still think you're going to get mock build season done?
You have 4 meetings to cad an entire robot 
this fighting, I haven't slept all week because of this stuff. Literally woke up today at 3:30 screaming from my dreams.
i definitely agree with that <@U1F408NA0> 
We also have shop certs planned
I mean I would agree to that meeting if there was at least a consensus that this process isn't going to go on for four weeks, I have CAD to do dude
how so?
too late
and we can involve everyone
that way we don’t ruin everyone’s friday night
let’s talk about this in person on tuesday in the meeting i proposed
Smith was the one who made the decision to keep the 3 main leads too because he had the authority to do that
Moreover, coach was not the only one to make those decisions, other mentors were involved
authority
He was the coach, he had the authority to make those decisions.
Was Steele not based solely off feelings? 
How we decide any lead should go through the coach, with or without student involvement, and the coach should be expected to not be biased or have feelings. Have you tried talking to Mr. Smith about this? Or tried what Thomas suggested? So far the option for student involvement has less qualitative data than this process with the mentors
Well there is qualitative data
How we choose a lead* as a team, which it seems like we've forgotten in my opinion 
Because without a process, without quantitative data they are looking for, what else is there to base their judging on besides feelings??? We have an outline for what we need to write an essay on, shouldn't they have an outline on how they choose the lead? 
The what you mentioned and the they and why you believe that
Which part? 
Could you clarify? <@U2A68KU8K> 
That's what you believe, David and I believe that it won't work and will cause more discourse in the team. The only way we can come together is to work together. It is judged by feelings because they are biased without a process no matter what, even if they don't mean to be. 
How does submitting an essay for multiple mentors to judge, including the coach Jim Smith, judged by feelings?
I think that we do not have adequate time to ensure that another process will meet those goals, and we do already have another process that could work for the time being.
I definitely agree with you <@U5HDV9682> and I do think that rushing and not having time to fully flesh out a process that the team will use for years to come is a very bad idea. However, I do think that there needs to be at least some discussion for this year, to ensure that there really is a process. The reason I keep emphasizing the need for a process where everyone had input is because that if there truly is a process, even if it is one just for this year, it will help reduce the growing tensions in the design team by ensuring that people do not blame other students and mentors for the decisions made about who the mechanical engineering lead is, but instead the understand because there is a process in place that judged quantitive evidence instead of feelings.
We should try to use some of the time before build season to fix some of the issues <@U2A68KU8K> and patrick outlined in the survey for wombold rather than spending a ton of time to hastily elect a design lead
I think that having a discussion as you've outlined is important <@U27TQ5U7K>, but I'm concerned that perhaps this is not the best time. My concern stems from failing to give the formation of such a crucial process adequate time for development. I don't think that scrambling for reform and a hasty election/selection pays proper respect to the weight that being a lead can, and should, hold. That is not to say that a new process could not be a great benefit in the future, just that we lack time prior to kick off. I know that I may be missing some context in this discussion since I'm ~300 miles away, but do you see merit in my assertion? 
I definitely agree. <@U1F0LEQ3W> I think that we need to have an open-minded discussion about this, with multiple mentors and our coaches along with students on the design team to decide on a temporary process for this year. I propose that we do this first thing Tuesday night, and that we invite all those on design team that are interested in participating in this conversation which would finally allow us have a face to face conversation about this topic. 
If I could interject: lead decisions are still in the purview of the coach, which means Jim Smith right now. What he's said on this topic is that if someone wants to change the process, they need to provide him with both a replacement and practical evidence that it works for teams that operate at the scale and level of performance that we want. It's ultimately his call, and given that I don't see him participating in this conversation, I don't think anything can be truly decided here. That's not to say that nothing _can_ change, but it's probably not going to happen in a private Slack channel on a Friday night.
<@U1F0P4FA5> pinned their Image <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F88QN7Q5T/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Criteria for Mech E Lead> to this channel.
We should prob move to a direct messages to not clog up the design channel
we use the process we used for selecting steering committee but we take the top 2 people and the mentors take their top 2 people and if both mentors and students have one person in common then thats it
the way i see it we have 4 meetings to choose
It would take one meeting at the beginning of the meeting on tuesday with all students who want to participate and multiple mentors
Theres literally 4 meeting until winter break, 6 total until build season they dont have any
I get that, but some things to consider are how long it would take to balance that new system out, what would happen if students and mentors disagreed, and how much time the new lead would get to prepare for their job before build season
Personally, and I know many agree,  I think that there should be a new way, an actual process which involves both student and mentor voice, for selection.
I mean we can do that, whether we do that or not is not up to me
Lemme rephrase that: an idea other than the traditional process has not been fully and thoroughly thought out and presented to the design team as a substitution to the current traditional process
Exactly <@U1F408NA0> and we need to do that
I don't think we ever agreed on a process other than the one that's been traditionally used
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F88QN7Q5T/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Criteria for Mech E Lead>
I thought I sent it out... I'll try again
Idk maybe type Send out a prompt. But again, if we don't know the provsss why are we writing an essay
did we take a picture of those
The criteria are the ones we came up with at the last meeting
Also if we don't have a process then why are we submitting and essay? <@U1F0P4FA5> 
Ok also what's the prompt? What are we writing about? What's the criteria? 
Haha yeah
Are you also going to go like "hey you should turn these in to me now" because otherwise I'll forget
Hey <!channel> this is a reminder to write your mechanical engineering lead essays by the BEGINNING of the meeting on Tuesday. If you will not be there on Tuesday you should hand it in to me during school on Monday or Tuesday, or email it to me (still before the meeting starts tho)
<@U1F0M6Z6D> has joined the group
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F87M949FX/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS> and commented: Idk that this was finished, we sorta got off topic, anyone have anything to add?
Oh sweet thanks I forgot about that
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F88DAEFHU/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|For tube team>
Okay so recap of tonight's agenda:
6:15-7:45: Design!!!
7:45-8:00: Come up with some specific judging criteria for mech e lead
Sound right?
<@U4XTZCLJU> has joined the group
<@U1F0LEQ3W> has joined the group
exactly, this develops quantitative data points that each candidate can be assessed on, therefore improving that objectiveness of this process.
So our goal with the meeting tomorrow is to develop criteria to hand off to the committee
Oh that makes sense, to clarify the decision
The criteria on which a candidate will be examined on and that sort of thing
What would the document say?
I think it would be important to have a written document that we write up and all agree to that the decision-makers can reference
What deliverable will we have at the end of the meeting?
<!channel> We do need a specific agenda item if this meeting is going to be worth losing the time 
Someone have something specific? <!channel>
Should we like list out what the topics/goals of the meeting are?
So I guess 7:45 discussion, but Tuesday deadline if we progress with the plan.
Should have it at the end again so it doesn't cut into work time
Our goal in going to robots isn't to debate processes but design 
We can have one but we will be losing time to work
Yeah idk
Wait is there going to be a design meeting about design lead tomorrow?
We did say that we would have a meeting tomorrow night to follow tonight’s meeting
Lol
sorry should have put or later as no
... shouldn't you delete the "or later" part?
Tuesday deadline or later 
Lol, I wanna ask specifically if we move forward with the current plan, can the deadline be Tuesday
got 3 people asking different questions, poll wouldn't be useful
I'm down with considering all possibilities
Ok so to be clear everyone feels like they have a voice and what they say will be considered by all?
So if we can decide this now that's better
We need time to work on design work
We said we would have a meeting tomorrow night to follow tonight’s meeting up so we can discuss this then
(/) vote
<@U1F1ETJM7> 
Eli help!
Lol idk either
Could we do that poll thing? Idk how to do it
So, is everyone fine with a Tuesday deadline?
Dude we kind of needed a design lead like 3 weeks ago
It's simple; we need a lead now
No there's not
We need to have a voice 
No there's a larger issue than lead 
What have we asked for? When we had the big collective meeting? We came away with one main, memorable goal, choose our leads. That meant we had a voice. Not only did we not get the one thing we all came together and said we wanted, we lost our voice in my opinion. If we do not do what we are told we are threatened to get kicked off the team 
I feel like this is getting off track from specifically finding a new design lead
Personally I believe the purpose of the team is for he students. Yes <@U1F1ETJM7> I want to work with not be told. Personally I have had very little mentor help on the 2+ years I've been part of vex and FRC. I want to work with them, be a real team. 
Having a team that works together with mentors collaboratively has a much higher chance of succeeding. So working together when dealing with this topic would be a step in the right direction. 
I think what he's trying to say is that he'd rather work collaboratively with mentors, than have them propose a solution and there be no student input.
I dont think he means all mentors
<@U2A68KU8K> if you don’t trust the mentors, how can you work in a mentor based program?
I have some that I am willing to discuss tomorrow but like I said today, shared student and mentor voice. Be a real team, work together. 
I mean, do you have any ideas on how you would want a design lead to be chosen sometime next week? <@U2A68KU8K>
<!channel> Sure, that was before when Ken was here, before the split, before we lost our coach. We are a different team with different needs. What was the phrase we hated...? "We haven't done it before so we can't do it now" that's what we're saying. Ken worked with kids, listened to kids, knew the kids. I don't like the idea of a person who I've butted heads with for 2+ years telling other mentors about me and them deciding off that. Ultimately Bowlin chooses because the other mentors will listen to what he says because he's interacted with us the most and they interact with us barely if at all. And sure he says they don't talk crap behind our backs but I've had him talk crap to me about other members of the design team on multiple occasions, so I don't know if I believe him. Personally I feel like I have lost any voice I had as a student after the split (not like we had much of a voice in the first place). So to do this, feels like rolling over and being good little obedient dogs. This is not the right way. We all (mentors and students) need to work together. Some of our key issues comes from mentors in my eyes and we can't fix our interactions with each other until we fix the interaction between mentors and students. We are a team. Skunkworks is about students. Remember that. These are my views. You may not agree and that is ok. But this is, in short, how I see things. 
Unhappy when its just bowlin and unhappy when bowlin tries to include other mentors
No matter what process we have, not everyone will be happy. At this point we just need to get a lead so we can work on designing robots.
What are your issues with the process? It is improved over Ken's method
Decide on if this is how we want our lead to be selected. Decide if this is something we all stand for. Personally I have issues with how Bowlin said it'd be 
Decide what
Personally I think we need to talk about this more before we decisions. Or is not up to us to decide? 

Hey <!channel> would everyone be cool with the due date for the mech e lead essays being next Tuesday? That would give everyone the weekend to work on them
<@U1F09HT4N> has joined the group
<@U2A68KU8K> 
Idk
<@U1F0P4FA5> who chooses the lead? 
Hey <!channel>, I hope you have had a good break! Remember to fill out the mechanical team lead survey before Tuesday if you have any thoughts on the necessary criteria for design lead: <https://goo.gl/forms/ogEk13u6yhAXZSFz1>
Ah
(Aka Wednesday)
what's the extra day that week
If anyone has questions or wants my opinion on their work over break I'd be happy to talk, just hit me up. 
R.I.P.
Aw man :disappointed:
Shame there is no meeting, I was hoping to be able to come visit. 
._.
So everyone should complete at least documentation and preliminary cost estimates over break. Starting the design is great (picking motors &amp; gear ratios, stuff like that), but not as necessary now!
update: no meeting next Tuesday, but three meetings the following week <!channel>
K
It's for essential work. I would say freshmen don't come bc we dont have room without Mr B's room
Is it exclusive to those two projects?
Do freshman come
We don't have it in writing but we have been told we can!
Define probably
Okay <!channel> there is probably a robotics meeting for people working on MBS and programming swerve(?) next Tuesday!!
Okay, <!channel>, here is a form for you all to give feedback on the ME subteam lead position (Feel free to fill it out at your own pace over the break, just don't forget about it!): <https://goo.gl/forms/XPhwUMWbLRSSHpj33>
Oh BTW, some of the master geometry I did is in the a360 drive, but really we don't have much yet. As soon as people have solid dimensions/drawings, send them my way!
Tube group is the most involved so they need the most extra time
They are at least completing their documentation
I know our group for preseason is going to be doing stuff over the break dunno bout others
Quick time update: with the loss of next weeks meetings, we now have 6 meetings until winter break. This accumulates to about 12 hours of work time if we use our time wisely.
For when people eventually get to CAD...
<@U1F0P4FA5> shared a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U27TQ5U7K/F7RMXM4F6/img_3550.jpg|Pre-Build Season Plan>
Okay <!channel>, for tonight's meeting each team should have three things to do:
1. Finish Overleaf documentation.
2. Do a preliminary cost estimate (see me).
3. Determine motors, pneumatics, chains, gears, etc. (Start preliminary design).
Everyone should leave a bit of time at the end of the meeting for a short design meeting. Sound good?
I feel I owe everyone an apology that was in the design meeting this evening. I lost my cool and lashed out. For that, I am sorry. I see you all as such a talented group. Your knowledge and insight amazes me constantly.  There is so much potential of being the best design team in FRC . There's no reason why we shouldn't have the best functioning robot on the field. 

My frustration comes with seeing this great potential and knowing that we aren't functioning as an effective team and being the best we can be. Instead of lashing out, I should have asked for insight and solutions to the root cause of the problems we are having. We need to come together and get this problem solved. We need to be a team. I'm asking for all of your help with this. Too many people are relying on this group to perform at our full potential and design and build a robot that gets us to Einstein. We cannot let them down. I know we've all had a very trying year, but we can't let it defeat us. We are better than that. Let's solve the problems and move forward. GO SKUNKS!
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7ZQT5V5W/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Final Mechanisms Discussion>
<!channel>
Documentation link: <https://www.overleaf.com/9537804drrhvzstqwvn>
Okay <!channel>, agenda:
6:15ish-7:00: Present Mechanism Ideas
7-8: Documentation &amp; Preliminary Cost Estimates (based on number of motors &amp; other expensive components)
Sound good?
Ok thanks 
However, I'm not sure of Freshman involvement in those two events.
District championship is the first weekend of spring break. We will then use the following week to prepare for world's.


Portland is the beginning weekend of spring break then
Lol we don't need the year
Spring break is 4/9/18-4/13/18
Yes the whole week
our robotics competitions are 3/16/18-3/18/18 (@auburn), 3/29/18-3/31/18(@auburn mountain view), 4/4/18-4/7/18 (@portland, pending qualification), 4/18/18-4/22/18 (@houston, pending qualification)
This year we don’t have any comps over spring break
Is it the entire break? From when to when?
I plan to go on a camping trip to get my PE credits, would that work ? ( over spring break)
We typically have at least one competition over spring break
Yes
Will there be robotics on spring break
No problem, I helped with our swerve in 2009 and I have been a swerve enthusiast ever since. I'm down to give some insight on whatever you're researching.  
Thank you though 
Not right now but I might later, I'm just doing research on the swerve train stuff.
Sup fam, do you have some questions I could try and help answer?
Hi
<@U1F0P4FA5> commented on <@U5M1PPYNA>’s file <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U5M1PPYNA/F7WMLB6RY/20171107_205953.jpg|20171107_205953.jpg>: <@U5M1PPYNA> This is <@U5HDV9682>, <@U5HDV9682> this is <@U5M1PPYNA>. <@U5M1PPYNA> is working on the swerve drive, <@U5HDV9682> is an alumn of Skunk Works
<@U1F0P4FA5> commented on <@U5M1PPYNA>’s file <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U5M1PPYNA/F7WMLB6RY/20171107_205953.jpg|20171107_205953.jpg>: <@U5HDV9682> I think <@U5M1PPYNA> and the rest of drive base will be able to see your comments here
Also, <!channel>, I'm thinking today is just a work day with no conference room meetings. Remember that for Tuesday each group should have pros and cons of their ideas and a recommended mechanism. If you have finished with that, you may want to try to come up with numbers to support your thinking, do research on Chief Delphi (about the mechanism, not the game!), or do more detailed drawings of how specific parts will fit together (CAD without the computer). Does that sound good?
<@U27TQ5U7K> Can you post your stuff?
<@U5M1PPYNA> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U5M1PPYNA/F7WMLB6RY/20171107_205953.jpg|20171107_205953.jpg> and commented: There's a lot more that should be on there and I still need to justify the points but this is what I got out of today so far
<@U1F0BGMLN> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0BGMLN/F7XPL3WGP/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Tube stuff>
Ok
<!channel> Can everyone post pictures of what they worked on today for mock build season? 
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7XPHB4K1/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7XPHADUP/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7WQX5XBP/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Basic Mechanisms> and commented: Two options for drive base, a number for tube
<https://youtu.be/1pwIq-kLJXE>

AndyMarks new partner, Transcends is working on this... 
So let us have like 10~20 min
I think tube group might need a bit to decide
<!channel> Follow up on agenda: Will people be ready to start discussing options they have found? We don't need to know what we want to use, just what options there are and basically what they look like
<@U1F09GL5S> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F09GL5S/F7VNKJ4MN/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS>
<@U1F09GL5S> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F09GL5S/F7WCE0HS6/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS>
<@U1F09GL5S> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F09GL5S/F7XEU5ZQF/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS> and commented: Can I get feedback on this drive base we're cutting today? Slack me directly please for feedback/questions.
Okay <!channel>, for the agenda tomorrow I'm thinking:
Gen. Meeting-7:00: Improve systems flowchart &amp; get general picture of robot (meeting)
7:00-8:00: More work on fleshing out mechanisms
Note that this does not include time for finishing letters, as those are homework.
Sound good?
Ok cool thanks
Did those come thru? Last time it looked like they did but now it shows they didn't 
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7V12L4HY/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Mech Groups!>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7UU91TGT/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Final KPPs &amp; Flowchart!>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7UB84ZKJ/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Tube!>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7V12HESE/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Tube!>
Yeah... I tried to upload two photos from the initial meeting and they failed. Lemme try again
Or anyone for that matter...
Hey izzie did you happen to take a picture of the tube group planning stuff?
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7V7SSHPY/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Mechanism Groups (Ben is with Tube)>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7TMEF4QY/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Final KPPs and Initial Flowchart Thing>
I pointed out the major concerns to you tonight. Look at those issues objectively and see if you can come up with alternatives that might address them. Mostly, you want to establish a base line of expected performance so you can have a place to collect data for validation. When testing you'll be able note expected and unexpected behavior. That will give you a place to start For further iterations. For a different  perspective and point of view, I highly suggest posting your design on chief delfi and ask for feedback. There are a lot of FIRST mentors and engineers on there that love to help out with student  designs. Some will probably have direct experience with the H drive style that can give pretty good insight on pros and cons. My peeps are old and cranky. Apologies, but I'll spare you from that experience. Chief Delpi will offer you much more constructive advise.
<@U3EHQTKBP> if you could tell me all the details and issues that the engineers that you met with pointed out about my drive base that'd be great. I want to make it the best I can and learn all the way through. Also if you could put me in contact with them directly, so I can really talk to them and work out a viable solution to each problem addressed and learn the most, that'd be great! I'm always looking for the most feedback as possible. Thanks in advance 
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7U8A50CB/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Tube stuff!>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7TQRH4UR/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Tube Stuff!>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7TJYMMLY/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Drive Base Discussion Drawings>
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7V5B0C94/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Strategy/KPPs>
Hey <!channel> here's what I'm thinking for an agenda:
6:30-6:45: Finish KPPs
6:45-7:00: Split into mechanism groups
7:00-8:00: Concept Work/Prototyping
Sound good?
<@U3EHQTKBP> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U3EHQTKBP/F7TG01GKU/detecting_mistakes_in_engineering_models.pdf|Detecting mistakes in engineering models> and commented: Some nice light reading
<https://goo.gl/forms/kotb9gPQsRKsyCcL2>
<!channel> Don't forget to fill out the survey by the meeting tomorrow! So far I have nine responses
*geared, my b lul. It's early.
<@U2A68KU8K> What is this gear for in ft/s?
yeah np
Yeah yeah, cool. Thanks fam. 
yeah no problem but heres some pics with the COM that you wanted earlier. Good luck
I will look it over. 
I've got a materials science quiz at 8:00 tomorrow morning, can I hit you back later? 
<@U5HDV9682>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7R404KFA/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_42_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:42 PM>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7R7ZV4TT/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_42_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:42 PM>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7SKSHNH4/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_41_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:41 PM>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7R7ZNYKT/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_41_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:41 PM>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7SKSE70E/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_40_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:40 PM>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7R3ZN1GQ/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_40_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:40 PM>
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7RT9JWN9/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_08_40_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 8:40 PM>
I know my cad skills improved greatly after i built what i made because i was able to see my faults and understand how to improve them
Yes i am slightly concerned but that is why we need to build it and test it. Thats the point of this. Not only would it be a good thing to test and see if its a viable drive base in the future but if we made it in the preseason it would be a great way for freshman and sophomores to get hands on and understand why things are done the way they are, instead of me just telling them to do it that way and they'll understand later.
<@U2A68KU8K> I like your train of thought for #6, are you worried at all about a jack of all trades, master of none scenario?
1. It increases maneuverability without decreasing friction between ground and wheel. It allows us to easily align with the pegs when needed and get out of a pin easily, but also allows us to push other robots around and have maximum control if/when required
2. The trade off is that its more complex and has more moving parts which increases risk of break. The however to this is that an it is designed to be interchangeable and an entire side can be taken off easily or just one wheel set so we can have extra laying around and quickly fix it. The pnuematics all will have springs in them so that if they fail they will defualt to coulsons because that is what i see us using more but we can customize that from what the driver wants because the wheel sets and pneumatics are easily changed.  
3. The weight is roughly 45 lbs 
4. I haven't calculated the cost yet
5. Yes there are other ways to align on a peg but that isnt the only goal of this drive base. It is again to get out of pins and have a full range of motion as well as align with a peg.
6. The benefits of this drive base is that it takes all the best qualities of others and puts them together. Maneuverability of a swerve or mechinum, speed and control of a 6 cim coulson tank drive, agility of omni. My entire goal of this was to make a drive base that encompassed all the perks of other drive bases so that it would be viable in games like steamworks and logomotion
Meaning, for example you mentioned earlier about being able to move left or right to place a gear. Can that same problem get solved by a simpler mechanism at the end effector level.
what do you mean in number 5 <@U3EHQTKBP>
i never undid the 6 cim but the middle one is just for corrections. if we decided we would heavily rely on it then it could be tested but i thought we wanted the acceleration and torque
Let's all block out some time on Tuesday to discuss this drive base.

Be prepared to answer a few of these questions:

1. What problem does it solve?
2. What are the tradeoffs?
3. What is the weight?
4. What is the cost?
5. Can the problem you are trying to solve be achieved at the effector level?
6. What are the benefits of this drive train over other types?
I'm curious why you went back to 6 CIM <@U2A68KU8K> 
 All wheels are powered they're belted together
yeah
Oh right, you can drive the outer omnis... yeah you could do that
Or even just less cheese in back and more cheese in front
but only a small amount
while you are translating
you drive the "drive" omnis into it
Couldn't some mass be added to the back of the robot to pull the COM back?
yeah, I don't see any possible compensation from a control system perspective
got it
yeah
So the pneumatics switch between omnis and colsons on the perimeter, while the 3(?) in the middle as the bar in h stay in contact the entire time (works because they're omnis)
sure, ok
not paytons
yeah, that's just one from the internet
this flips back and forth from the colson and the omni with a piston
the red is the rubber of the colson?
<@U1F0QEL0Z> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0QEL0Z/F7RQDMJ3E/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_07_44_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 7:44 PM>
it'd be a pretty cool juke to spin and translate around a robot
Lemmie picture you up hold on
rip
oh
If we can drive colsons and omnis at the same time, we could compensate with a little bit of twist around center of drivebase rotation
No, that's the thing with his drive base
Do the omnis and colsons touch the floor at the same time?
Actually what's the diameter of the omni
As in the ones on the butterfly, but I don't think it's that bad if they are only 4 inch omni's
Not eli, but yeah that possible, but there is only so much fine control you can get with omni wheels
I think that you might be able to compensate in programming if it was too crazy, am I right <@U1F1ETJM7>?
Exactly.
If its centered then the Omanis should pull it in a line. If it's off then it'll be on an arc
Elaborate on pull, I think you are on the right track.
Yeah kind of because you want to see how much it will pull
Do you understand why I might want to look at that?
If it's close it is nbd.
It's very close but a little off sadly
What I was going to look at was the distance between where the slide wheels contact the ground and the COM.
All good 
I feel it yo, my b.
Oh yeah I can't do that because it's in a360 but it's on the very tip of the mini cim motor axel 
And the orthographic view point is nice for 2D analysis because it keeps things parallel and perpendicular.
COM is Center of Mass.
Oh, my b yo.
 What do you mean 
Can you show COM and make the view type orthographic?
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7RNKD7C2/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_06_57_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 6:57 PM>
one sec im moving them around for an actual drive base this is just a concept and stand alone
<@U1F0P4FA5> pinned a message to this channel.
Hey <@U2A68KU8K>, can you hook me up with a topdown view of your drivebase with COM shown?
oh lol he doesn't look like Franco actually
For example, us getting to the finals of girls gen :pogchamp:
<https://www.facebook.com/Twitch/videos/1014047928671896/>
And the explanation from TwitchHQ.
Original video.
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5CGm6zPFE8>
One sec fam, I gothcu
But who is PogChamp?
PogChamp
I bet that too
I bet it's Franco
No idea, it gets spammed in chat when a streamer does something really cool lol
<@U5BS3Q282> You've been spotted!
Who is it? It looks like Franco
It's not franko btw, its from Twitch lol
Please fill out by Tuesday!
<https://goo.gl/forms/nisU35AHU4UasZGC3>
sure
sure
But <!channel> do you want to vote?
I thought it looked like will scnaith lmaooo
Is it Franco? Looks like Franco
Who is that sticker of?
Anyways, do people want more time for nominations or do they want to vote right now?
Don't forget preseason!
can we please do the sixth one in January?
Rollin bowlin???
Bowlin(g)???
id vote #6 tbh
airsoft/paintball, laser tag, bowling, dodgeball, overwatch, and cading a robot together
What are they 
And one of them I think is unlikely to pass
6, but only 5 serious ideas
how many different ideas have been submitted?
Okay, <!channel>, are you guys ready to vote on design team bonding activities, or do you all want more time for nominations?
Okay, cool, figured that out! Freshmen/sophomores should let me know if there are more sophomores/freshmen I have forgotten to add to this channel
exaclty <@U1F0QEL0Z>
it just makes them copy things
I mean the biggest thing you can get out of doing the early chapters, is figuring out how to do easy stuff really quickly
the book doesnt
it doesnt teach correct pratices
yeah i look over chapter 6-8 and if anything is wrong ill correct or send them back to the right chapter
Yeah, it's a little boring, but we should make sure you have the correct practices down
yeah that's a good idea tucker. from my memory of the CAD book, if you can do chapters 6-12 efficiently then 1-6 is pretty redundant.
then do it
if there is something you don't know
i'd say look through it
Idk, <@U2A68KU8K> what do you think?
I started at chapter 6 for a class b/c I've done a bit of CAD before, but I could do them if you'd like
What about 1-5?
I've done chapters 6-12
Have you started the CAD book?
:+1:
But you are free to stay if you want to
Both teams are above capacity
Yeah and if you are self-selecting design isn't the way to go :laughing:
Yeah sorry I meant that
sorry if it came across that way :/
Just self-selection
Oh lol, they weren't I thought
whoa
I just switched from programming because they were kicking people out
lol he can answer now if he's checking slack <@U7NQFDYBS>
<@U7NQG5GTS> has joined the group
<@U7NQFDYBS> has joined the group
<@U7R0YELFQ> has joined the group
Was he a new freshman entirely or did he just switch to design team on Thursday or was he lost?
Ian just came to thursday so idk what we want to do there
Rachel
Jack
Caleb
Asa
Anthony
Ian???
Then theres two more
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out who the freshmen are for the stuff in the design training thread and so I can add them as soon as they get slack
theres a lot of kids who arent on slack yet
<@U2A68KU8K>
that's a payton thing, I think he knows them the most
<@U7NQFRW8Y> has joined the group
Hey <!channel> which freshmen do I still need to add to the design team channel?
I will once my internet starts working
updoot, gimmie that fruit
I did
por favor
please
Okay
add us
can you please add us?
What does that all mean?
yo
^^^
same
yeet
Hey <!channel> I made a separate channel to organize training freshmen/sophomores, so we don't clog up the design slack with all of that business. If you are a junior, senior, or honorary junior or senior, let me know if you want to be added to that channel
Oh yeah
Probably at least someone with keys to school
Does the mentor for extra time have to be the coach?
Let's see how quickly we can get going with the designs for everything else, and if we can possible get more time from our mentors. Maybe advisory board reps should push for a coach that is willing to put in extra hours
I think it's a cool project, we just have to integrate it into the mock build season, which is ridiculously easy. Just have a formal design review, some documentation, and then I think we can start building it like in real build season, but I think it might have to be done on extra time. I don't know.
i think it would be an over all great project to have
<@U2A68KU8K> Found it!
you have to @-p without the dash
yeah sure that too?
Btw I still don't know how to search your name Payton
I think the point would be to push ourselves in preseason so we can handle complicated systems in build season if necessary 
but i still think itd be a good thing to test out. I tried to make a drive base that was a combination of all other drivebases capabilities and range of motion and still be practical
yeah thats true
Hard to maintain just means more moving parts to break and repair
i wouldn't say harder to maintain like its a bad thing but no one really has practice with pneumatics besides maybe programmers? i think itd be a good way to teach all the new freshman and sophomores and have another drivebase out of the norm. it wouldve been really useful this last year for aligning with the peg and gear drop so i still think itd be a good idea to test out
The difference is the mechanism in the middle to allow it to go side to side
Just harder to build and maintain
basically slippery but the omnis drive also
So mecanum but better
also makes it easy to get out of pinning and still be able to push others around
allows you to go forward and backwards but also side to side for aligning with some type of peg or gear drop
Funky, what does it let you do?
You upload it to Chief Delphi to make it public
It has pnumatics to shift between omni and colson
<@U2A68KU8K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U2A68KU8K/F7RJADY75/pasted_image_at_2017_10_29_12_10_pm.png|Pasted image at 2017-10-29, 12:10 PM>
And maybe, but if it isn't anything new (ie swerve or Omni or something) then we have 2x2016 +2x2017 + slippery + totebot
Upload to a public db or something?
also <@U1F0P4FA5> my name is now searchable youre welcome
yes i will upload before build season but would it be helpful if you had that to program with?
I know for programming we have to make the code Public if we want to reuse it, which is why we do that
I know the main intent of this is to learn design better and that's great, but if you're also planning on using the designs you make now during build season (even if it's only in parts) then there are rules regarding that
Someone should read up on the rules regarding using material from times outside of build season during build season
Especially robots with pneumatics
<@U1F1ETJM7> would this be useful for programming to have more robots?
I doubt it. It would be something I would of have the freshmen work on building after they were shop certified so they get real experience. It always helps to build something so they know why to design it that way 
Possibly, depending on the complexity of the components that we decide to build.
Yeah, I imagine if we could get more people on it it would be good shop practice, I just don't see where it fits in schedule. Maybe we will find extra time?
Although I am and will continue to push to build this because it would be a great prototype for a real drive base 
Design***
Okay, yeah I was only questioning the word "build"
Sorry for the confusion
Yes
Yes everything is staying in cad but we are using my pre designed drive base 
You're welcome 
And Payton how am I supposed to tag u in anything with that crazy username? :laughing:
Yeah, but there is a section saying build drive base, and it was my understanding everything was staying in cad, esp since I didn't see any time for build on the schedule from Thursday
yes, that was my understanding as well
I thought we were using mine? 
We're using a pre-designed drive base
Oh, I just noticed the build drive base part under us. When did we plan on doing that?
<@U27TQ5U7K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U27TQ5U7K/F7SNWEU6T/img_3551.jpg|Mock Build Season Goals>
<@U27TQ5U7K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U27TQ5U7K/F7RMXM4F6/img_3550.jpg|Pre-Build Season Plan>
Cool thx!
Yes, I will
<@U27TQ5U7K> @ Payton (what is his username I can't find it) can you post the picture/do you have it?
I believe Pavid has one
Hey <!channel> did we have a picture from the day we decided what we were doing with sophomores and freshmen?
<@U27TQ5U7K> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U27TQ5U7K/F7QMHMANP/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Mock Build Season>
Hi <@U7QQTJRN1>!
<@U7QQTJRN1> has joined the group
Yay lmao bro
K
It's embarrassing 
Jack change your photo
Thx!
We are almost done
I can
<!channel> Can someone let me know when Lego sorting is over?
<!channel>
<https://goo.gl/forms/Snq8v5WqSnpYVRjc2>
Woo suggest team bonding activities!
<!channel> 
Okay, I'm not sure how long we will be sorting Legos on Thursday, but assuming everyone helps out and gets it done by 7, I'm thinking we spend half an hour on setting ground rules for MBS and then another half hour on resetting our schedule. Sound good?
<@U7QG71DP1> has joined the group
<@U7LGS4HA4> has joined the group
So maybe we are looking at
7:00-7:15: Talk to Mr. Smith?
7:15-7:25: Team-Bonding?
7:25-7:30: Results of survey
7:30-8:00: Start on MBS ground rules and schedule, finish on Thursday
Oh right I forgot about that
Isn't it voting today? I was expecting that ordeal to take most of the meeting
I know this is late, but this is what I was thinking for an agenda for tonight:
6:30-6:45: Talk to Mr Smith?
6:45-6:55: Team-Bonding?
6:55-7:00: Mock Build Season Game Decision
7:00-8:00: Ground Rules for Mock Build Season &amp; Schedule (Girls may/may not have to leave for Girls Gen prep)
Does that sound all right to everyone?
That’s too
I meant the survey she couldn't complete
^
She hasn't decided whether she's moving to marketing yet, if I understand correctly
Wait, are u referring to preseason project game survey or other design survey or something else? 
You can still complete it, everyone has until Tuesday
I haven’t decided yet. I’ve been busy all weekend so I was unable to complete the survey. Sorry.
LETS WATCH SPIDER-MAN 
Design team bonding idea: Watch all of the marvel movies lol
ok
Davin doesn't use slack much. 
Engineering ops
Is Davin on this channel? One of the ways it would affect electrical would be by giving design practice for motor, battery, sensor etc. placement
I don't know that mock build would help or hinder us immediately, and besides more time for programmers during build I don't see it directly affecting us. If there's something I'm missing please, point it out
Sure
I don't know enough to hold an opinion, I'm guessing you mean about mock build?
You want me to add you to the list eli? Btw when people respond I'm filling in your name spot on that list.
That'd be nice
I think that elevator mechanisms will be important this year, and even if I'm wrong it's still good to give the whole design team a refresher on elevator mechanisms. So I think a mock build season would be a good idea, and the restricted time frame is a good idea because as a subteam, we need to learn to be faster so we can hand off our mechanisms to other subteams like electrical and programming. During build season, we shouldn't reject good ideas or designs based on the fact that it would take too long to do, so we need that practice to shake off the rust and be prepared for the real build season and not give the programmers a few minutes to test out the code on the comp bot.
<@U1F0KHF71> 
I want to do the mock build season. I believe Anna has moved to marketing 
Just reply to that message if you want, or don't you do you.
So here's a list of what people have said they want to do 
Payton: drive bases and helping freshmen
Henry: I have no clue, I think you wanted to help out with scouting more because of how many kids were on it, but I'm not quite sure if that's true or not
Harrison: you wanted to work on solidworks, and you also were doing drive train stuff with Isaac
Isaac: not sure was working with Harrison
Izzie: systems engineering template and mock build season
Angelina: mock build season
Victor: doesn't want to be constrained by time, wants the team to work quicker think the mock build season will promote that.
David: you've been working on getting the team to function, don't know what you want to do preseason
Thomas:you said mock build season would take too much time, thinking about smaller projects
Tucker: I wanted to work on the mock build season and doing the system engineering stuff, as well as math
Anna: I haven't talked to you in two weeks so I have no clue

If there is anyone else, I assumed you were either working with the freshman or I had no idea what you wanted. Basically, I think if we boil it down to the base things of what we want, then it will be a lot easier to accommodate everyone. If you had the "I don't know" under your name or if what I put down wasn't really descriptive it'd be nice to have a public place so that we all know what we want.
So, to reiterate, everyone needs to fill out the preseason project survey. We may need to spend some time on Tuesday addressing concerns, but regardless we still need to move forward if we want to have a productive preseason. Here's the link again! <https://goo.gl/forms/AQ0OiEIilEePkju13>
I would still suggest that everyone shows up to the subteam meeting on Tuesday
Okay, we could plan something
A team sport for the full design build team 
Full team thing?
We need our own team bonding. Maybe airsoft or soccer or a full team thing. 
How would you know that it would be shut down? And, again, how would you suggest to build trust if you feel you can't even have a conversation? And, again, I understand there are team-wide bonding plans underway
I was helping the freshman and sophomores, who a lot of people have seemed to forget about. My voice wouldn't be heard because everyone in that room would shut me down. I'm not going to name names but there are people who I don't feel comfortable suggesting things around. We fix this by all talking it about and team bonding!!$
So show up to the subteam meeting. Why do you feel like your voice wouldn't be heard, and if that is how you feel, how do you really suggest that we all begin to trust each other?
I know personally, I don't feel like my voice would be heard by the people in the meeting. Yes I know it's a full team thing but we need it especially! We're the biggest sub team and have the argent divide! And the elephant is that there is a divide! Not a little one, a large one right down the middle. 
And what is the elephant in the room?
1. If students wanted to address it, why didn't they attend the subteam meeting?
2. Team bonding is not a subteam issue, I understand there are team-wide plans underway.
I have 2 concerns. 1. Our sub team is divided in half and broken. We don't listen or respect each other in the way that we should. It feels like an us against them type thing. 2. Because 1 is an issue, we won't have a successful mock build season and it will be a waste of our time. If everyone doesn't work together, and at this state, I don't see that happening, we won't make it work. Solution: 1. fix the divide by addressing the elephant in the room then talking it out. 2. Team bonding. 3.   Make us trust each other again, a combination of 1 and 2. 
Sorry, what were your concerns? You have asked if build season is the best idea, and I addressed that. Other than that, I have only heard an argument for why having a full subteam meeting is somehow a bad idea
Izzie, I've brought my concerns to the table to the table many times. I even did today! And that's what this entire conversation has been about but instead of really talking it out and debating, you seem to have closed up and get defensive when I'm trying to talk this out. You haven't seemed to consider the other side yet. I've heard people say it before and I know I have but if we don't feel like we get our voices heard then the only way we could've protested is by just not going. And I'm sorry that it was that way, but again, it shows a larger problem that needs to be addressed. 
Nobody brought their concerns to the table. They just chose not to show up, or decided the subteam preseason project wasn't worth their attention
You're right, but also wrong. If half the team walks out because they don't feel likes a good idea, and you don't address their feelings as to why they think that, you're not catering to everyone. Now sure if one person walked out, yeah, that's wrong, but if half the team does, maybe there's some bigger issues that need to be addressed. 
Walking out on a meeting is not conducive to teamwork
How were the people participating in the preseason project in the wrong?
You're half right, everyone was in the wrong. See we all need to sit down and actually talk about a viable solution to moving forward. See the thing is though, the people who left feel like they are going to have a better impact leaving that meeting then staying. But the people in the meeting feel the same way! We need to fix the team, talk it out, do some team bonding, make us trust each other again! We cannot pretend like there's no divide. We need to become one unit again, not two who don't want to work together 
And what do you suggest to fix that divide? All students were supposed to be at the preseason project meeting, but they made the decision not to work as a team. This cannot be happening going forward, but it is hardly the fault of the people that followed their responsibilities to the subteam
No but we're all kids. We need to stop looking at this entire thing like a business and more like a team! We are kids! This is about having fun. I haven't had fun this season yet. Feelings the hostility between us isn't fun or business professional. If we don't trust each other we will fail. Moving forward in the state that we are in is very dangerous to our success. I don't know if you noticed it, or maybe it was just me, but most of the people in the meeting for the mock build season were kids that wanted to leave the school with 1983 while the kids who weren't in there were the ones who had stayed. So there's an obvious split. When you have half the design build team not wanting to do something, yet you think everyone will do it and you plan that way, it insures nothing but failure. Fix the subteam. It's the only option we have to make us work together 
That doesn't mean we can't all be professional about it
Because we haven't mended our relationships from the split. 
And why is it split in half?
See that's the thing, I don't see us working together. The design team is broken and split in half and moving forward like nothing is wrong is one of the worst ways we can respond to this 
It will only turn out like super bot if we all don't work together
And then design time
After that we can have our kickoff
We only need one more planning meeting
I see this turning out just like super bot, we sit in meetings and talk for 4 weeks and never actually do anything 
And it is the best use of our time because we can practice our design process and basically do a test run
I am working on getting us more meetings and longer meetings. Wilson seems open to the idea and I hear Smith may be able to get us in without her being there
So you're telling me that you think in 14 meetings that are 2 hours, we can make an entire robot and that a such a short "build season" is a good use of our time? 
Hey <!channel> there are only five responses on the survey! This is your chance to have a say in what we are working on in the preseason, so make sure to fill it out ASAP!
I swear that is the same url but now it works
Ta-da! <https://goo.gl/forms/AQ0OiEIilEePkju13>
Idk where it went wrong
Sorry trying to fix it
try harder
404 not found
Okay, nvm, here's the survey! Everyone needs to fill it out by the NEXT MEETING so that we can move forward with our mock build season. Please make an informed decision.
<http://goo.gl/forms/AQ0OiElilEePkju13|goo.gl/forms/AQ0OiElilEePkju13>
<@U1FA2S7PY> has joined the group
<@U1F6AR1NF> <@U1F0QEL0Z> <@U1F0BGMLN> <@U1FA2S7PY> @ anyone I might have forgotten
Anyone remember cons on logomotion?
<!channel> Head's up before too many people go to bed: Survey coming regarding mock build season in next half hour
Design meeting starting at 6:50 in conference room! <!channel> 
ok that would be a lot to let them know of at once lol
Idk about Smith, Wilson is
And is Mr. Smith?
Is Wilson aware of the mock build season?
Once the numbers are in place for how preseason hours correspond to two weeks of build season, then comes the explanation of mentor support and the importance of everyone cading in the same room and taking the time to get this project right so we don't screw up real build season
Yeah, I know. But as support for why we need more time. Why is Wilson's favorite question
just showing them a calendar as to why isn't probably going to cut it
no need to convince me, I'm just trying to figure out how to allow it to appeal to Wilson and/or Mr. Smith to make it happen
Well both
Sorry preseason
The point of build season is to learn, and the best way to do that is thru the mentors
Yeah, of course. Any help we could get would be great so we can make sure our designs are good
I don't think the entire team would be able to make an extra meeting, so I'm kinda going off the assumption it would be design + others (maybe)
Your own
You mean from other subteams or from our own?
do you guys need other mentor support at the extra meetings?
my bad
well there we go
oh
I'll buy into it. 
Into more meetings
Into what? A calendar?
I doubt the mentors will buy into that tbh
I'll develop a calendar to show to her to make a case for more meetings
Yeah, I mean if the students voice's matter...
We could meet in between school and robots, but that cuts into dinner and homework time. Idk how we will get Wilson to let us come in an extra day if she won't let us stay till 8:30, but we should def push for that
We should also start looking to add in the extra time we missed, whether we work out of school more, or we come in on Wednesdays or something like that. Probably discuss this on Thursday.
Yes
<!channel> I'm thinking Thursday is the day to choose our competition and set ground rules, meaning people should come to the meeting with at least a vague understanding about what each previous game was about so we can choose. Does that sound right?
<@U1F0P4FA5> uploaded a file: <https://skunkworksteam1983.slack.com/files/U1F0P4FA5/F7KTN6B50/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg|Image uploaded from iOS>
I would note that I think they should be encouraged to do most of this outside of robotics meetings so that time in meetings can be spent in some sort of shadowing situation with older students working on the mock build season
Yes, I like that idea
yeah an end date with a recommended pace to get the chapters done in that timeframe 
That's a good idea, I just thought 2 chapters a week might be a good basis because they all might be at different chapters in the book
Putting an end date on when they should have it done would be my choice, but do what ever you think is best
I agree but I also think it's important to have assignments and a timeline. The book can be a bit more flexible 
Yes 
I'd say not requiring certain chapters a week would be best so they don't feel like the have a massive commitment on top of everything, how little it may be.
Does that sound ok?
do we have their emails though?
Ok, I can do a rough draft email and let you all check it then I will try to send it by 8 tonight
This is <@U1F0P4FA5>, I think 2 chapters a week is fine
2 chapters a week isn’t too bad if they also work on it during robotics meetings
What would you say is a reasonable workload for them regarding the book?
I mean I don't really have a say, but I'd say go ahead.
For example, "try to do 2 chapters a week" or something
I also think it might be a good idea to implement a timeline 
i totally agree
I know I just think it's a good idea to send a follow up email to make sure they stay on track.
I just think that it would be a good idea to send them an email saying "hey this is how you can continue to work on the book while we figure stuff out further"
I know some of them have been working at home
Getting them on the book could just buy us some time to get stuff done
Oh no I totally agree with that
But I think having more stuff for them to do after the book also needs to get done
I think that's going to have to happen, as I see it, they have no direction on anything going forward.
Tucker- I think it might be a good idea to remind the Freshman on Design that they are able to get Autodesk installed on their computers and they should continue to be working on the book while meetings are not in session. Do you think an email should be sent out? I would be happy to do so
The library is in the a360 under part's library -&gt; Skunk Part's library
Hey guys so I've started working on the parts library in A360, which got me thinking, It's October 15th and because of the stuff that's been going on we haven't been able to work on any projects at all. I think we all need to have a meeting at some point soon to discuss and consolidate a path forward for the design team. Getting back on track with the mock-build season and figuring out a plan to teach the freshman is the main things that we need to get done. If we decide that it's too late to the the mock-build season, coming up with a new plan of action is going to be paramount. Looping back to the library, I've found that vex put all their gears into a nice folder, except they are all named with the part numbers, not the names of what they are, I.E "217-5893" -&gt; "82 Tooth 1/2 Inch Hex Gear". I think If people could help out with changing the names for right now that would be great. Also adding onto the library would be sweet.
Team I will not be able to make it for the next 2 weeks.  I am transitioning projects right now and it is taking up extra time.  
Hey <!channel>, so it looks like more regular preseason work will begin on Monday. I'm thinking the Fusion360 conversation will be pretty short, as will the prototyping conversation, but then we can get into the specifics of our design process for the mock build season. Just a heads-up so we can get back on schedule. Any thoughts?
Hey team I will not be able to make it to any of the meetings tonight.  I'm working late tonight.
yeah, true
Yeah, it can. It's probably better to do it sooner rather than later. It just probably won't be absolutely necessary until the mock build season begins
That's fair. I mean it isn't a big deal to ask Mr. McLaughlin to put inventor on your laptop tomorrow so it can be ready for next meeting
Good point... In the future I will suggest that we get Mr. McLaughlin to install Inventor on school laptops. Otherwise, Fusion360 has a in-browser platform. We shouldn't have to deal with that yet though because the mock build season isn't supposed to start until the second week of October. 
If the 4H meeting is being held out of school, how will some people get into preseason work without school desktops for CAD?
We have a location at the school if anyone wants to stick it out as well :wink:
No worries I'll be looking out for the official communication then.  That's too bad it played out like that. 
There are a few options going around
We are still working on that. I just did a survey among students to get an idea of how many people we need the location to be able to hold
Where is the 4h meeting being held? I haven't gotten an email on this yet.
Anyways, do you guys think it would be a good idea to have half an hour to an hour to get back into our preseason work?
Ok make that clear thanks 
Yeah, there are. I'm talking about the 4H meeting
There is
Is there not two separate meetings? 
Wdym 
Wait did I miss something? 
Hey <!channel>, I am wondering if you all think it will be worthwhile spending time at the meeting tomorrow doing subteam work. Based on our preseason calendar we should be having conversations about the design process and strategy we will use in our mock preseason
As an aside you all should be very proud about how you are handling this situation.  I have been very impressed with your professionalism and democracy.  Very well done.  
Their modeling is intended for preparing an imported model for analysis.  Such as defeaturing threads and other small stress concentrations.  Or splitting surfaces to apply loads in a particular area or region. Or simplifying a model by splitting it along symmetry lines.  It does not have some of the more advanced modeling features that inventor or solid works has.  This would be used to post process inventor models so that we could run more complicated fea on them.  
Looks like when you use Ansys it also comes with a new modeling program like inventor or solidworks called SpaceClaim
That would probably do the trick.  
<http://www.ansys.com/academic/free-student-products>
Looks like I lied, Ansys does have free stuff
We could ask for an educational discount?
Ooo Ansys. That's expensive software though.
Solid works uses a similar system that can probably only get us 88% aswell.  for some more advanced stuff we can look into getting Ansys or some other professional analysis software. In addition we can go over some of the more advanced mathematic solutions to common problems.  
